Update README.md with references to JS SDK V3 (#3582)
aws/aws-sdk-js: README.md

[![Coverage Status](https://codecov.io/gh/aws/aws-sdk-js/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/aws/aws-sdk-js)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/aws/aws-sdk-js/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/aws/aws-sdk-js)

> Note: You can find the latest [modular Javascript SDK V3](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js-v3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The [version 3.x](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js-v3) of the AWS SDK for JavaScript is generally available. For more information see the [Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/) or [API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/index.html).
```
